MASTER LEASE LICENSE FOR COMPUTER GAME USE

This agreement will serve to mutually set forth the terms of licensing and
consideration so that _____________________(Company Name)(the Licensee),
can have non-exclusive use of the tones created by The Fat Man and K.
Weston Phelan and administered by Fat Labs, Inc. (the Licensor) in the bank
files called ____________________ (the Libraries)(All libraries Copyright
1993, The Fat Man), for use in the product(s) entitled
___________________________ (the Product).

1.  The Licensor hereby grants the Licensee the non-exclusive right to use
the libraries in the product.

2.  This License is granted in perpetuity for the entire world.

3.  In consideration the Licensee will pay a fee of $1 (per product if more
than one product is covered by this license) payable upon signing this
agreement and agrees to encode the Product with the words "General MIDI
timbres for Yamaha OPL-2- and OPL-3-based sound cards were produced by The
Fat Man(TM) and developed by K. Weston Phelan and George Alistair Sanger.
Copyright 1993, The Fat Man(TM)" which will appear on screen at the time
that the sound driver is loaded into memory.  Attendant packaging and paper
documentation will also contain the credit.

4.  Within 30 days of its shipping date, The Licensee agrees to provide
Licensor with a copy of the Product.

5.  All software distributed by Licensee and that contains the timbres
(FATV10.BNK) must contain this contract and the overview of licensing terms
(GENMID-V.TXT and README3.TXT) in software and in paper documentation.  End
products such as games that do not invite further distribution of
FATV10.BNK need not include the .TXT files.

6.  If the names of any of the files are changed in software, they must be
changed in the text of all documents and notices as well.

7.  The Licensor warrants and represents that it is free of any and all
encumbrances to enter in to this agreement and that in doing so it does not
infringe upon any other rights or agreements written or implied.

8.  This agreement shall be construed only under the laws of the United
States Of America and the State of Texas.  If any part of this agreement
shall be invalid or unenforceable it shall not affect the validity of the
balance of this agreement.

9.  This document constitutes the entire agreement between the Licensor and
the Licensee and supersedes any prior understandings or written or oral
agreements between the parties.

AGREED TO AND ACCEPTED


Licensee

x___________________________(Signature)
___________________(Name)
___________________(Company)
___________________(Address)
___________________(City, State, Zip)
___________________(Phone)


George A Sanger
The Fat Man

___________________________
7611 Shoal Creek Boulevard
Austin, TX  78757
512-454-5775

The Fat Man and Fat Labs, Inc. are trade marks of George Alistair Sanger.

